Hypothesis:
H0 = Null Hypothesis; Hypothesis that are believed to be true or are needed to be proved true based on the experiments
H1 = Alternative Hypothesis; Hypothesis that is reached if and only if null hypothesis is rejected. 

For this project, we are trying to analyse the factors that effect the employee attrition for a specific company. Hence, our hypothesis would be as follows:

Hypothesis-1:
H0 = If the age of the employee is less, there are more chances of that employee to leave the company. 
H1 = If the age of the employee is less, the employee would continue in the same company for a longer time. 

Hypothesis-2:
H0 = If the daily wages of the employee are less, there are more chances of that employee to leave the company. 
H1 = If the daily wages of the employee are less, the employee would continue in the same company for a longer time. 

Hypothesis-3:
H0 = If the employee must travel more for the business, there are more chances of that employee to leave the company. 
H1 = If the employee must travel more for the business, the employee will continue in the same company for a longer time. 

Hypothesis-4:
H0 = If the employee lives far from the company, there are more chances of that employee to leave the company. 
H1 = If the employee lives far from the company, the employee will continue in the same company for a longer time. 
Hypothesis-5:
H0 = On a scale of 1 to 4, if the job satisfaction of the employee is less and tends more towards 1 on the scale, there are more chances of that employee to leave the company. 
H1 = On a scale of 1 to 4, if the job satisfaction of the employee is less and tends more towards 1 on the scale, the employee will continue in the same company for a longer time. 

Hypothesis-6:
H0 = If the employee is a female, there are more chances of that employee to leave the company. 
H1 = If the employee is a male, the employee will continue in the same company for a longer time. 

Hypothesis-7:
H0 = If the employee has a lower position in the company, there are more chances of that employee to leave the company. 
H1 = If the employee has a lower position in the company, the employee will continue in the same company for a longer time. 

Hypothesis-8:
H0 = If the employee is not married, there are more chances of that employee to leave the company. 
H1 = If the employee is not married, the employee will continue in the same company for a longer time. 

Hypothesis-9:
H0 = If the employee does not receive a salary hike, there are more chances of that employee to leave the company. 
H1 = If the employee does not receive a salary hike, the employee will continue in the same company for a longer time. 

Hypothesis-10:
H0 = On a scale of 1 to 4, if the performance of the employee is not good and tends towards 1 on the scale, there are more chances of that employee to leave the company. 
H1 = On a scale of 1 to 4, if the performance of the employee is not good and tends towards 1 on the scale, the employee will continue in the same company for a longer time.

Hypothesis-11:
H0 = On a scale of 1 to 4, if the work life balance of the employee is not good and tends towards 1 on the scale, there are more chances of that employee to leave the company. 
H1 = On a scale of 1 to 4, if the work life balance of the employee is not good and tends towards 1 on the scale, the employee will continue in the same company for a longer time.


